Hyperlink extract from office docs - added to extract indicators from file playbook (#33634)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonPlaybooks/ReleaseNotes/2_6_27.md

#### Playbooks

##### Extract Indicators From File - Generic v2

> - Added the ability to extract hyper-links from office files (supporting .xlsx,.pptx,.docx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the ability to extract hyperlinks from Office files (supporting .xlsx,.pptx,.docx).
```
